1. During my visit to Britain, I was taken to a restaurant by a British family. I put
my knife and fork down while I was telling them a story. A waiter came and took my plate
away. I found out later that putting your knife and fork down in the middle of the plate
means I finished. 2. I visited my company's French office and I was taken out for dinner.
Soon after we sat down, a waiter came with some small dishes of food. I offered them to
everyone at the table. Then one of the French people said to me, do you realise that's
my food you're offering everyone? 3. I was asked to dinner by some Chinese people
I did business with. I was given some delicious food to start with and after that, a bowl
of water was put in front of me with lemon in it. I picked up the spoon and began to drink
it. I felt so stupid when I saw everyone trying not to laugh. It wasn't soup. I was drinking
the water in my finger bowl.